Command Line:
What is a shell? What is "bash?"
A shell is a command line that can operate on a language that is not inherit to the installed command prompt. A bash is the means to how the shell converts the language to a language that the system understands.

In your own words, write what each of the following commands does:
pwd: displays the directory
ls: displays a list of files in the current folder
mv: moves a file from on folder to another
cd: changes the directory
touch: creates files
mkdir: creates folders
rm: deletes files or folders
help: displays the commands and descriptions
find: displays the location of a file
grep: displays the position of the inquired text

Git

What is version control and why do developers use it?
Verison control saves previous states and allows for developers to roll back. 

What is a commit? What are the best practices for commit messages?
A commit saves a modified verison of a file. A good message describes the changes to the file.

What is a branch?
A branch is a state that can diverge from the master, but still has the option to merge.

What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other?
1) a file has been modified
2) the file is added
3) the file is committed

GitHub:
Write an explanation of and compare Git and GitHub to one another.
Git is a tool that creates multiple verisons of a code, and github is where this code is stored and can be accessed by multiple users.

In your own words, write instructions to create, clone and update a repository.
git init will convert the folder to a repo.
git clone will copy a repo.
git add and then git commit will update a repo.

In your own words, write instructions to fork, clone and update a repository.
On the github page, clicking the fork tab will create a copy of the master code that is seperate from the intial master code.
git clone and the url from the forked page will copy a stored repo from github onto your local device.
git push origin "Branch Name" will upload changes you made to a file already on github 

What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one?
A pull request is when a file from local is updated to the corresponding file on github. The merge is complete once the master is overwritten during the pull confirmation.

Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams?
It allows the reonciliation of merge conflicts. 



